>> Nina Zakharenko: I very briefly
wanna touch upon the idea of continuous
integration.
And that's merging commits,
when you merge commits frequently
instead of waiting for
a project that's done to
do one big merge you have
the advantage of being able
to release features quicker.
Continuous integration works well when
there are lots of tests that ensure that
new commits didn't break the build.
You can even have a step as part of
your continuous integration process
where a deploy happens automatically
after you merge or commit.
Travis CI is a really cool tool
that integrates with GitHub,
it's free for open source projects.
It's easy to specify what
commands you need to run tests.
And you can set it up to run tests
automatically on branches or
poll requests.
And setting up is really easy,
you go to Travis CI,
you add Travis.yaml,
file which is a configuration file.
And then all you have to do
is push to trigger builds.
So, for example,
if I wanted to have a repository where
I ran tests before accepting a pull
request, I can do that with Travis.
And it'll show me this information here,
if your pull request introduce
a failing test it'll say,
All checks have failed, and I know
that you're trying to submit bad code.
We can also use the interface to look
at build results, and display the build
status of our project in case you've
seen this while navigating GitHub.